# LDAP Join Example

This repository provides source code for a sample program that demonstrates the
use of the LDAP join control in the Ping Identity Directory Server and the
UnboundID LDAP SDK for Java. It issues a search request to retrieve a user from
the directory, where that search request includes a join request control that
uses a DN join to retrieve entry for that user’s manager, and a nested join
that also uses a reverse DN join to retrieve the entries for the manager’s
direct reports.

The [UnboundID LDAP SDK for Java](https://github.com/pingidentity/ldapsdk) is
the only dependency for this example.

Code in this repository is available under three licenses:

* The GNU General Public License version 2.0 (GPLv2).  See the
  [LICENSE-GPLv2.txt](LICENSE-GPLv2.txt) file for this license.

* The GNU Lesser General Public License version 2.1 (LGPLv2.1).  See the
  [LICENSE-LGPLv2.1.txt](LICENSE-LGPLv2.1.txt) file for this license.

* The Apache License version 2.0.  See the
  [LICENSE-Apache-v2.0.txt](LICENSE-Apache-v2.0.txt) file for this license.

## EXAMPLE

The following is an example of the output generated by the program when run
with a directory populated with some sample data:

    The server presented the following certificate chain:

         Subject: CN=ds.example.com,O=Ping Identity Self-Signed Certificate
         Valid From: Friday, February 8, 2019 at 12:23:34 AM CST
         Valid Until: Friday, February 4, 2039 at 12:23:34 AM CST
         SHA-1 Fingerprint: 78:f1:49:a0:06:0b:bd:1e:2c:88:cb:76:60:cb:87:cb:c4:c3:76:97
         256-bit SHA-2 Fingerprint: 55:9c:9a:54:97:48:8c:51:fa:10:da:a0:08:f0:15:dc:f0:92:75:3e:e9:be:56:c5:5c:5c:ec:d5:d4:85:15:a2

    WARNING:  The certificate is self-signed.

    Do you wish to trust this certificate?  Enter 'y' or 'n': y
    User Type First Name Last Name  Email Address                    Phone Number
    --------- ---------- ---------- -------------------------------- ---------------
    Employee  Ernest     Employee   ernest.employee@example.com      +1 123 456 7890
    Boss      Betty      Boss       betty.boss@example.com           +1 123 456 7891
    Peer      Charlie    Coworker   charlie.coworker@example.com     +1 123 456 7892
    Peer      Patricia   Peer       patricia.peer@example.com        +1 123 456 7893
    Peer      Aaron      Associate  aaron.associate@example.com      +1 123 456 7894
    Peer      Christina  Colleague  christina.colleague@example.com  +1 123 456 7895
    Peer      Wendy      Workmate   wendy.workmate@example.com       +1 123 456 7896
